#Daily
**Yesterday's note:** [[2025-08-14]]

> [!habits]+ Habits 
>- [x] Walk 
>- [x] Add New Resource [[ANWR]]
> - [ ] Add Missing Note
> - [ ] Add New Note (Mini Essay or Story)
> - [ ] Add Previous Knowledge  
> - [x] Read [[Writing to Learn]]

> [!Quote]  Quote of the Day
> The joys and pains of days past are equal to the me present 
> — Aurore Lee, Circle of Inevitablility

## Classes 

### AP English Language Arts 
We did book speed dating with several. I want to get to reading Red Rising after finishing the book I have started. We will do the One Word on Monday
### US History 
We learned why we should learn about history.
### Spanish 2 
We reviewed Spanish by playing games. 
### Honors Accelerated Pre-Calc 
Had a sub so we just did review work.
### AP Physics 1 
We looked over the packet and worked in groups to make sure we had it correct. 
### Astronomy 
We answered the other ten questions and he went on and on about the formation of everything, which is good because at least it is astronomy. 
### Advanced Debate 
Did more maintenance while also getting an idea for an aff. I would like to do research on ANWR to see if I should continue with the path. 


<hr>

# 2025-08-15

Debate is going well. I have gotten an idea for what to do with it. I want to organize the notes to make them easier to use for me. Now that school is starting I am realizing how much I have to add to this notebook. It is that feeling again of not wanting to do things I want to do. It is pretty small right now. Judging that I have nothing to do for the next two days I think I will get that in order. I need in incorporate some things I can do in school into my system. I sometimes sit in class note