#Session/Ors/Arouran 


### Players:
[[Fimbul]]
[[Alex]]
[[Bon]]
[[Kore]]
UPDATE
### Date in Session:  4-2~?-1432
Located: [[Dvalinn]]
## Current Quests: 
N/a
### Current Threads:
N/a
#### Spoilers:

### Extra Session Details


# Summary

They start walking into the office of [[Thrainn Dval]], who they had heard a lot about, but never have seen before. Well, someone with military background has been seen before. 

You are part of a mercenary guild, but the last few quests they gave there were a test. They were orchestrated by Thrainn to find the people who could complete his quest. 

As they open up the door, it takes a dc 10 strength check, a pile of papers gets shoved aside. There is so much loose paper that it seems the room is made of it. 

They see an older man with greying hair peek out from behind the biggest pile, he examines them for a bit, then busts out laughing. 2 more heads, from either side of the room now look outside their papers, on man, one woman, both younger. The girl starts to laugh while the guy is confused. 

The girl is [[Serafin Fitz]], who can see the most likely future of anyone she sees.
The guy is [[Barlo Eden]], can analyze the things and learn more about them, just by hearing their name.

The 2 are laughing because they realized that the people that have the highest chance of winning the war are the same people that have the highest chance of destroying it. 

He explains to them their quest: 
1. Gain control of [[Kyling]] by talks before he dies 
	1. Along the way find and collect [[Users]] to fight for the army. You can do this by giving them a piece of paper which lets us take control of them only if they are willing. They can become willing by force. 
	2. In [[Glasir]] they will find [[Lain]] the previous commander, convince him to come back and take the place of Thrainn 
2. Await further instructions

They can ask him questions. 