#Writing/PoetsLand #Rough 

*Someone is watching me* was the first feeling that appeared in my head, followed by the scent of burning flesh that tortured my nostrils. In front of me, there was a mass of charred meat that could barely be identified as a pile of people. Scorched bones laid underneath red-hot tendons; the only barrier separating them from the others was the ashen, putrid skin seconds away from liquefying and joining the blood and pus that was already leaking out.

I try to look away when I realize the cacophony of whispers ringing in my head. It sounds like hundreds of hoarse voices of... Me? The rational part of my head tells me that that is not my voice, yet for some reason, I think that is my voice. There are hundreds of me all whispering in different inflections and tones, the same words, over and over again, yet I can't seem to understand what they are saying. I know the language, though, Spearian, but when did I learn it? I don't know any language that goes by that name. It feels like my head is splitting apart as memories of herding sheep and celebrating with a family that is not mine start to flood in. I clutch my head to try and stop the skull-crushing headache. As my hands cradle my temples, I realize these are not my hands; they are far too hard and flaky. I bring my hands in front of me to figure out what happened to my hands. They are skin and bone with singed fingertips and overgrown fingernails. Veins bulge out like vines crawling under my skin. Calluses cover my fingers and palms, acting as a heatmap of activity, but that did not surprise me the most. That would be the wiggling and pulsing pitch-black mark that was dancing on my right palm. It looked like several worms wriggling under my skin, which was now trying to get out and join the fire in front of me.

"Gyles," I hear a man to the left say to me. I look at him to see my father - that's not my father, he died a few years ago, yet I believe he is my father - he is grinning ear to ear, never before had I seen him have this wide of a smile, *never have I even seen this man*, another part of me thought. What did he call me? Gyles? That's not my name, it's Albert Boer, yet it feels like my name. I see that his hand is like mine with that mark on his right palm. As he was about to say something, he clutched his right arm and gripped it hard with his left. His knees buckled, forcing him to his knees, giving me a better view of the mark, which now looked like a symbol of a flame made of two pulsing and moving curves. A second later, the mark burst into flames, quickly enveloping his entire body in scorching flames. My not-father was smiling the entire time as this was happening. His linen shirt and eyes were now almost completely burned, yet he seemed unfazed, standing back up and walking toward the flames.

I don't want this. I don't care if he is my father or not; I will not see an innocent person die. I try to run to stop him from jumping into the flames, yet my legs seem to have another idea. I am much lighter than I am used to, my legs are also shorter, though my torso made up for the extra height, leaving me at the same height I was before. All this to say, I almost instantly collapsed to the ground in the purest displace of incompetence. I looked up to see if I still had a chance to stop his demise. As I do, bile fills up my throat from the horrific sight of the bodies and the putrid scent, which was a lot worse near the ground. The whispers roar in my head, crushing my heroic thoughts of rescue as my palm starts to burn. I believe this is my time, and I will die without understanding the hell of my final moments until I realize that I can no longer feel my arm burning. I look down to see my palm, callused and crusty with no mark in sight. The whispers settle down to a more manageable level. Did they save me, or were they singing for my death? I look back up to see my father now just inches away from the pile, his flame joining the others. His eyes have evaporated, leaving behind windows to his bone and spewing grey matter, yet he keeps smiling as he says something. Something much simpler than what the whispers were, yet I was barely able to understand. 

"I'm glad," as he fell into the inferno of flesh. The moment he did, the flames erupted and grew as tall as I could see into the night sky. Then suddenly, it collapsed into a ball the size of a person at the top of the body. It was like a second Sun right in front of me, till it coalesced into the shape of a person. A man covered in flames shone. The night, once illuminated by the flames, was now illuminated by this man alone. Even after he consumed all of the flames, leaving behind a naked adolescent man sitting on the top of the pile, it seemed as though he shone brighter than the fire from before. I tried to look at him, but all I could see were the facial features of a person and nothing else. I could see he had eyes, I could not tell what color, and the same with the rest of his body. The only thing that told me he was a man was the memories of me worshiping *him* in a shrine with my family. Wait *him*? That's a pronoun used to denote authority, which does not exist in English. What language am I thinking in? Spearian answers my mind, but then why can I barely understand what anyone is saying? My thought process gets cut off as the man stands up, every motion causing the pile to make wet noises. This reveals, *he* has no genitalia, or if *he* did, *he* did not allow me to see it. The whispers started getting loud in my head again, threatening to split my head open. *He* looked down at me, now seemingly floating in the air, and said something, which, though more complex, was easier to understand.

"Pitiful miracle," as *he* extended *his* hands to the blue moon in the sky and lifted *his* head, turning into a blazing ball of flames and shooting toward the cobalt moon. My headache subsides, but the smell does not. It seems that the fire was protecting me by evaporating most of the smell. I vomit, covering the ground in front of me with white and green liquid. As if that was not enough, the whispers blare in my head again, resulting in me starting to lose my consciousness. The last thing I remember was the wet pieces of my last meal rubbing against my hair.