#Writing/PoetsLand 

'Someone is watching me' was the first feeling that appeared in my head followed by the scent of burning flesh that tortured my nostrils. In front of me there was a mass of charred meat that could barely be identified as a pile of humans. Scorched bones laid underneath red-hot tendons; the only barrier separating one man from another was the ashen, putrid skin seconds away from liquefying and joining the blood and pus that was already leaking out.

I tried to look around, but then I got bombarded by the cacophony of whispers ringing in my head. It sounded like hundreds of hoarse voices of... Me? The rational part of me said that it was not my voice, yet for some reason I thought it was. There were hundreds of "me" whispering in different inflections and tones, like they were trying to imitate other voices, yet I could somehow identify all of them as mine. They repeated the same words, over and over again, but I couldn't understand what they were saying. I knew the language, Spearian. Wait no I didn't, but it felt like I did. I felt my head splitting apart as memories of herding sheep, tripping on stones near a river, and celebrating with a family not mine started to flood in. I clutched my head trying and failing to soothe the pain. As my hands cradled my temples, I realized that these were not my hands; they were far too hard and flaky. I brought them closer to observe them. They were skin and bone with singed fingertips, overgrown fingernails with some seemingly bitten off, veins jutting out like vines, and calluses covering them, a heatmap of activity, but that was not what surprised me the most. In my right palm there was a wiggling, pulsing, pitch-black mark. It looked like several worms dancing under my skin now trying to join the fire in front of me. 

"Gyles," I heard a man to the left of me say. I looked at him to see my father. That is not my father, he died years ago, yet I believe him to be. He was grinning ear to ear, never before had I seen him this happy. 'Never before had I seen this man,' another part of me thought. He called me Gyles, that's not my name, its... Why could I not remember my name? I was not able to continue this thought process as I saw my not-father clutch his right arm and grip it hard. His knees buckled, forcing him to the ground, revealing the same mark I had on his palm now facing up toward the fire. He kept smile, face still inches from the ground as the worms formed a symbol of a flame made of two pulsing and moving curves. A second later, the mark burst into flames, quickly enveloping his entire body in scorching flames. His linen shirt and eyes were now almost completely torched, yet he seemed unfazed, standing back up and walking toward the flames.

I didn't want this. I didn't can whether he is my father or not, I was not going to see an innocent man die. I tried to run and stop him, yet my legs seemed to slip underneath me. I remembered hundreds of experiences of the same thing, me tripping on air and seconds away from eating dirt. This time it was different, I heard the whisperings louder the closer I got to the ground, seven words. After a dry thumb echoed in my ears, I faced up to see if I still had a chance to stop his demise. As I did, bile filled up my throat from the horrific sight of the bodies and the putrid scent, a lot worse near the ground. 